---
title: "The Rowdy 3"
---

The four members of *The Rowdy Three* are worshipers of Chaos, the formless
void from which all things spring.  They worship by spreading chaos in their
wake here in the mortal realm.  For faithful worhship they are granted bits of
her esence, allowing them to make small creations of their own.

They travel Metro Detroit in a conversion van which has been much tagged by
grafiti, and "Rowdy 3" in sprawling text on the side.  The van was built in
1985 and is not the quietest vehicle in creation.  There are eyes painted on
all sides of the van, and a row of kewpie dolls sitting on the dash, some
looking out to what is coming, some looking inward to the van, and some
blinded.

Normally they are only three, but they have heard from the Fates that the
lifeline of one of their members nears its end, so they are initiating a new
member to be her replacement.

## Lydia, Daughter of Nyx

A mature black woman with ebony skin and long, white dreadlocks.  She wears a
deer skin vest made from the hides of deer they've hit with their van, a deer
skin mini skirt, and turtle shells over her breasts (one painted, one map),
which function as a push up bra.  She also carries a pair of brass knuckles
with a casting of an Econoline logo.  She loves to punch walls and any glass
she can find with the knuckles.

## Donovan, Son of Kronos

Probably mid twenties, caucasian, with long hair and a beard braided into fine
braids.  The braids are dyed alternately purple and green.  He wears motorcycle
leathers with extensive road rash, and has a large, working pocket watch from a
jeweler's display strapped securely to his chest as a plastron.

## Du, Daughter of Gaia

A young Chinese woman, wearing a conservative suit, and a massive purple
codpiece decorated with a 5 pronged deer antler.  She carries a sixteen pound
sledge hammer, the better for opening doors, walls and floors.

## Matt, Son of Theia

A middle aged man, he wears a best made of rat pelts, with the tails still
attached.  He wears armor over his legs made from a 2003 red Chevy Impala and
padded with the upholstery from the same.  He carries a front axle pinion,
which weighs about six pounds and is superb for smashing stuff up.
